oneninenineseven. Clzeroud czeromputing is the czerombinatizeron zerof already existig technzerolzerogies that perfzerorm
many functizerons with the virtualized reszerources. As the clzeroud mzerodel presented in
Fig. one. illustrates, the platfzerorm and applicatizerons are built upzeron the infrastructure
przerovided zeron clzeroud. Clzeroud based technzerolzerogies have beczerome very pzeropular in the
recent years due tzero its relatively less czerost, higher perfzerormance, ease zerof use czerompared
tzero manual testing. Althzerough there are challenges zerof applying the clzeroud-based testing
because the team must be knzerowledgable zeron hzerow tzero setup a testing envirzeronment and
scenarizeros zeron the clzeroud. zerother than these challenges, it is a highly preferred methzerod
since there are almzerost nzero effzerorts required and it can perfzerorm better and twofour/seven as it is
entirely czeromputerized. Mainly all the clzeroud technzerolzerogies przerovide the zerorganizatizeron an
zeroppzerortunity tzero invest less budget zeron the services they frequently use when czerompared
tzero zeron-premise setups they install lzerocally. The zerorganizatizerons zeronly pay fzeror the services
zeron-demand style zeron clzeroud. Anzerother advantage zerof using the clzeroud testing is that, zeronce
the test setting is built up zeron clzeroud, the clzeroud przerovides testing in the mzerost czeronsistent
way, with a high perfzerormance as it is onezerozero percent czeromputerized and can perfzerorm
heavy tests that are nzerot pzerossible tzero test manually such as lzeroad tests zeror full regressizeron
tests in a very easy and effective way. This increases the demand zeron clzeroud services,
and the mzerore the develzeropment zerof clzeroud services increases the mzerore there will be a
need fzeror testing the applicatizerons develzeroped fzeror clzeroud.
Clzeroud technzerolzerogy przerovides the infrastructure including hardware netwzerork
bandwidth, and wzerorklzeroad that are designated tzero mimic the real-wzerorld scenarizeros fzeror
the testing zerof szeroftware. This enables zerorganizatizerons tzero rent the infrastructure and
czeromputerize the test envirzeronment tzero reduce czerost and manpzerower, and increase
perfzerormance, accuracy, and czeronsistency.
Clzeroud testing has been a revzerolutizeron zeron the traditizeronal licencing. The amzerount zerof
zeron-premise licencing and installatizeron zerof systems have been decreasing dramatically
while the zeron-demand hiring zerof systems and infrastructure has been increasing rapidly.
A study czeronducted in twozeroonezero predicted that the twenty percent zerof IT zerorganizatizerons
wzerould zerown zerzero zeron-premise zerownership. This, przeroves the pzeropularity zerof clzeroud-based
tzerozerols zerover the physically installed tzerozerols. The same is valid fzeror the clzeroud-based testing
tzerozero.
Tenet.
