Cloud computing is the combination of already existig technologies that perform
many functions with the virtualized resources. As the cloud model presented in
Fig. 1. illustrates, the platform and applications are built upon the infrastructure
provided on cloud. Cloud based technologies have become very popular in the
recent years due to its relatively less cost, higher performance, ease of use compared
to manual testing. Although there are challenges of applying the cloud-based testing
because the team must be knowledgable on how to setup a testing environment and
scenarios on the cloud. Other than these challenges, it is a highly preferred method
since there are almost no efforts required and it can perform better and 24/7 as it is
entirely computerized. Mainly all the cloud technologies provide the organization an
opportunity to invest less budget on the services they frequently use when compared
to on-premise setups they install locally. The organizations only pay for the services
on-demand style on cloud. Another advantage of using the cloud testing is that, once
the test setting is built up on cloud, the cloud provides testing in the most consistent
way, with a high performance as it is 100 percent computerized and can perform
heavy tests that are not possible to test manually such as load tests or full regression
tests in a very easy and effective way. This increases the demand on cloud services,
and the more the development of cloud services increases the more there will be a
need for testing the applications developed for cloud.
Cloud technology provides the infrastructure including hardware network
bandwidth, and workload that are designated to mimic the real-world scenarios for
the testing of software. This enables organizations to rent the infrastructure and
computerize the test environment to reduce cost and manpower, and increase
performance, accuracy, and consistency.
Cloud testing has been a revolution on the traditional licencing. The amount of
on-premise licencing and installation of systems have been decreasing dramatically
while the on-demand hiring of systems and infrastructure has been increasing rapidly.
A study conducted in 2010 predicted that the twenty percent of IT organizations
would own zero on-premise ownership. This, proves the popularity of cloud-based
tools over the physically installed tools. The same is valid for the cloud-based testing
too.
Tenet.